some digital stuff from Tran...

   Okey, the only real attempt at programming in these filez is the digital
muzik driver i did, all the rest of the stuff was rather quickly built around
and to test that driver...


PLAYD.EXE       -       player, plays the muzik filez
   run with a filename "PLAYD DEVILSM"... the output is either SB mono or
        SBPro stereo, depending on watcha got... press any key to stop play

PLAYO.EXE       -       the same player except with a VGA only oscilliscope
                        press ESC to stop play, and if you got an SBPro you
                        can toggle between 2 types of waves with the spacebar


DEVILSM         -       a MOD converted to STM converted to my format, still
                          it came out ok...
RAINT_NT        -       another MOD to STM to this conversion, this one had a
                        bit more commands so its not exactly like it was...

STM2668.EXE     -       converts STMs to a format my driver plays, only
                        converts all instruments, all orders, all patterns,
                        but in the patterns only the notes and volumes
                        are converted, no special commands are converted...
                        but pattern break and jump to order are...
                        so the type of STM that would sound the same (not
                        exactly cuz i use different mixing and output
                        teqniques) is one with pure notes, and no commands,
                        except pattern break and jump to order...
   run with the following parameters:

 STM2668 <file.STM> <fileout> <tempo>

  file.STM  -  full path and filename of input .STM file...
  fileout   -  any valid DOS filename
  tempo     -  the tempo to convert to, i use a different measure than
               ST, a tempo of 50 in st translates nicely into my tempo
               of 3, 60 into 4 but it sounds a bit slow still...
               but notice there should be only one tempo for the whole
               .STM cuz theres only one tempo for the whole output song...


TEST3D          -       an old vector test outfitted with new muzik driver
                        to see how fast itll go now, and it does nicely...
                        keys: 7,8,9 + rotation around X,Y,Z; 1,2,3 - rotation
                              around same axes; 4,5,6 stop rotation around
                              those axes
                        any other key quits
(by the way, this program is VGA only, and it doesnt autodetect)


tech specs:
        the mixing is always at 12048Hz, and itll sound fine even at 8mHz,
        except if the CPU is overburdened, then itll just slow down, but
        not too much, and so far no matter how much stress i put on my CPU
        at its lowest speed, it hasn't yet crashed on me...

        one problem though, on the SBPro the output will be a little lower
        and slower cuz i cant figure out for what reason but i cant seem
        to get the sampling rate high enough in stereo mode, even though
        its well within the SBPro's limitations... but hey, not my fault
        ok!, i just dont feel like spending $100 on a programmers manual...
        so all the shit on this card up to now ive learned the hard way...


        oh, and the stereo channels on the sbpro are left, right, right, left

        oh also, of course if youre running in V86 mode on a 386, the output
        will not be that good...

